Fix icosphere vs. UV sphere import/export (#407)
omichel/webots: docs/reference/sphere.md

%end

The `subdivision` field controls the number of faces of the rendered sphere.

> If the `ico` field is TRUE, thus the sphere is rendered as an icosahedron, and the `subdivision` field is 1 (default value), then each face is subdivided into 4 faces, making 80 faces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `ico` field is TRUE and the `subdivision` field is 0, the sphere is rendered as an icosahedron with 20 faces. If the `subdivision` field is 1 (default value), then each face of the icosahedron is subdivided into 4 faces, resulting in a 80 faces icosahedral.
```

With a subdivision field set to 2, 320 faces will be rendered, making the sphere very smooth.
A maximum value of 5 (corresponding to 20480 faces) is allowed for this subdivision field to avoid a very long rendering process.
If the `ico` field is FALSE, then the sphere is rendered as a UV sphere, and the `subdivision` value has to be in the range [3, 32].
In this case the `subdivision` field specifies the number of rings and segments in which the sphere is subdivided.
If the `subdivision` field is set to 3, then the sphere will have 3 rings and 3 segments, making 9 faces.
With a `subdivision` field set to 32, the faces are 1024.

The `ico` field specifies whether the sphere is rendered as an icosahedron (TRUE) or a UV sphere (FALSE).

> By default [Sphere](#sphere) nodes created in Webots are icosahedrons with `subdivision` value of 1, whether sphere geometries imported from VRML are UV spheres with a `subdivision` value of 24.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default [Sphere](#sphere) nodes created in Webots are icosahedrons with `subdivision` value of 1, whereas sphere geometries imported from VRML are UV spheres with a `subdivision` value of 24.
```
